# Love in the Fog of the Future: The Story of a Romance in the Year 4560

## Andrei Marsov

### Chapter One

When Jerry stepped outside on that fated morning, he immediately understood that something with him wasn't quite right and it disturbed his usual peace of mind.

Upon the realization of this disturbance, Jerry began to become worried. Can you imagine it?

Worry was a state almost unknown to the People since the power of the Great Republic was concentrated into the hands of the Council of World Reason, which, having rebuilt life upon completely new principles, had achieved complete harmony between the internal and external states of mankind. Since the discovery of Ultraramsian Rays, which made it possible to photograph a person's most intimate thoughts, all impulses of the subconscious, the "I" of each individual, had been brought under complete control. The results of this event were colossal.

Criminals no longer existed, since crimes were discovered before they were committed, and humanity, freed from everything evil and illegal, intoxicated with brotherly love, enthusiastically devoted itself to fruitful work within the framework of self-improvement.

After just a few generations, the People reached the pinnacle of prosperity. A whole series of inventions of social innovations, wisely used, rendered earthly existence of the People to level of the biblical story of Genesis. Universal harmony reigned supreme. A detailed study of the subconscious, as belonging to the group and the individual, allowed for the creation of an objective truth, upon the foundation of which the "Laws of Objective Reason" were created. To meet their basic needs, people were required to work only one hour a week. And this work was, as it were, a continuation of that eternal holiday in which humanity was plunged. By this time, the fear of an idle existence, which so clearly characterized people of the past millennia, had been completely eliminated; humanity had perfected its expression of reasonable pleasure.

As such, Jerry was excited even if only vaguely aware of what was going to happen next. Five days ago, preparing to head to the Palace of Great Knowledge as he did today, Jerry suddenly found himself in an unusual position. As soon as he stepped onto the moving sidewalk, the slender figure of a young girl appeared on the platform of a neighboring house. Apparently in a hurry, she decided in one jump to leap over that part of the street that was moving in the opposite direction. The jump was full of an abundance of youthful vigot, but while her right foot was landed beside Jerry, her left slipped and touched the opposing strip of sidewalk. The girl would have inevitably fallen if Jerry had not grabbed her by the waist and placed her next to him. Freeing herself from his embrace, she threw him a grateful glance, and it was then that Jerry felt the first twinge of sweet excitement. They chatted happily the rest of the way.

"Her name is Doni. She is going to an exhibition of religious objects of people of the 20th and 21st centuries. There they will come to give her a small report. She was in a hurry. Would she get hurt? Oh, no! The road is so soft. Besides, accidents are completely excluded in the City of Reason. but still, she is very grateful to him. Thanks to his friendly help, she managed to save a few moments."

As the street upon which they were carrying on reached the Museum of Humanity, where Doni's exhibition was located, they nodded their heads to one another, and she extended her hand to him, thanking him with this gesture once again, and Gerry, taking it, shook it in a firm handshake, vaguely aware of the absurdity of this entire situation. This handshake in the 46th century seemed to throw them back into ancient times. After this exchange, they separated. Standing on the platform of the Palace of Great Knowledge, Jerry fell under the influence of one of the psycho-controlled boards scattered in large numbers throughout the city. Here he became convinced for the first time that his implementation was somewhat disrupted: the control apparatus, as he approached, instantly made a slight crackling sound. But the phenomenon was so fleeting that no one paid attention to it; even the Servant of Public Safety at his post simply limited himself to one searching glance towards Jerry.

After their first meeting, it somehow happened that they continued to meet each day. Jerry suddenly discovered in himself the greatest interest in all the details of religious fanaticism, the latest outbreak of which engulfed the people of the XXI century. Naturally, he could most readily get an answer to his requests in the Museum of Humanity, where he went daily each morning and where, under Doni's direct supervision, he comprehended the full horror of Christian penance, and examining the hood of any monastic order, he got a real idea of its complete dissimilarity with the epitrachelion in the vestments of a clergyman.

Thus passed four days.

During this time Jerry, with that artificially sharpened memory of his, which was constantly cultivated by his contemporaries and which he had already mastered perfectly, achieved a complete assimilation of the history of the gradual development of religious beliefs, starting from prehistoric times and ending with the XXI century, when a brilliant discovery in the field of the biology of artificial cultivation of a living cell made man the Creator of Nature. From that moment on, the naive God myth was destroyed once and for all, never to be revived.

Jerry had learned this all very well over the course of four days, and his next appearance at the Museum of Humanity on the fifth day might have surprised anyone, but not Doni. She smiled at him no less affectionately than the day before, and then, when they hunched over in order to search some details amongst the religious rags, their lips suddenly touched in an intoxicating kiss. It probably would have lasted a little longer if the ever-increasing rustle in the control apparatus had not made them jump away from each other in fright. Suddenly the noise stopped. It was the device that deteriorated, unable to withstand the tension of their passion.

They were saved.

Nevertheless, even that noise so vaguely detected by the device still attracted the attention of the Servant of Public Safety. Jerry and Doni, who found themselves hiding now, could hear him, first approaching the damaged device with its vibrating tentacles hanging helplessly, then bending over the wireless phone and throwing it into space:

"Damage to the low-voltage control device has been detected! A replacement is needed."

And a few seconds later, the room answered him:

"An order has been issued to replace all low-voltage devices with stronger ones. It will be completed tomorrow. In The Name Of Public Safety! Be vigilant!"

Thus, Jerry and Doni were saved from the trouble of being excluded from communication with humanity for violating the elementary laws of the Great Republic on the Inadmissibility of Extramarital Kissing and for showing dangerous instability in their actions towards others. Apparently, even in the City of Reason, happy accidents are possible.

Jerry and Doni smiled cheerfully at each other. 

Jerry spent the entire night that followed in a semi-conscious state, dreaming about Doni. He mentally reproduced in his imagination her every gesture, her every smile, listening to the sweet tones of her voice sounding somewhere in the depths of his soul. Waking up in the morning of his pleasant dreams, he asked himself with horror the question: "What, after all, is happening to me?" Some vague, elusive process of internal gorenje gripped him from head to toe and, taking over all his thoughts, forcing him to think about Doni alone, deprived his brain functions of their inherent clarity and clarity of thinking. All the objects around him seemed to have lost half of their reality, were obscured by a haze of spirituality and filled Jerry with wild and ecstatic delight by their very appearance. He wanted to sing, shout, and, making a noise unacceptable in the City of Reason, indulge in the wild dances of ancient people. He was able, under the influence of devouring delight, to throw himself on the neck of the first person he met and, in a wild rush of embraces, give vent to his feelings. However, Jerry did not do any of this.

Pausing thoughtfully on the platform of his house, he looked at the gently moving street lanes. Dressed in weightless clothes without seams, having just undergone chemical bathing in purple rays, breathing the scent of a bachelor man, Jerry was no different from a typical bachelor of the XLVI century. In his snow-white clothes, flowing in beautiful folds, with an impenetrable mask of calm on his face, he seemed the epitome of civic balance. Only once did a shadow of horror flicker across his face. It was when, accidentally looking down at his feet, Jerry saw the sliding beam of the Ramsov apparatus. He jumped back in fright and the beam, without touching him, stopped at his neighbor, revealing some highly scientific reflections of this venerable citizen. The man looked at Jerry in surprise. In the City of Reason, it was not customary to hide one's thoughts from the ultra-Rams rays. Jerry, in order to disguise his involuntary movement, turned around in confusion and, seeing a box with a "daily portion of calories" on the wall, went up to it, took a pill and put it in his mouth, mechanically swallowed. It was only after that that he realized the horror of his act. He had swallowed the second daily portion of food that did not belong to him today, and thus, not to mention any complications that might arise in his body, he was becoming a thief.

At the same time, the next day he would have another revelation about his thoughts over the past week in front of the Brahms apparatus. Then everything will be revealed: both the "extramarital kiss" and its theft.

"How nice it would be," the unfortunate man thought, "if people, having done something, would never have realized in their minds that they had done it."

However, Jerry caught himself, "People cannot perceive what reaches their consciousness." And then, having made sure that to keep thinking is to pile up one accusation after another against himself, Jerry decided to give up on everything and at least see Doni today. "Come what may," he remembered a long-forgotten proverb and, in the heat of despair, rushed into the moving street.

Further events began to unfold with dizzying speed. As soon as the street turned the nearest corner, Jerry fell under the influence of a psychocontrol board. And it was here that something inexpressibly terrible happened. The pressure in the scale of criminal imbalance showed an unprecedented height, noting the appearance of a criminally unbalanced element in the sphere of its influence. The vibrating tentacles made an extraordinary leap upward and, emitting a luminous stream of air, formed a radiant halo above Jerry's head, like the radiance of the ancient Christian martyrs. A sharp bell rang, so unusual to the auditory perception of others that they fell to the ground in horror. Some old man, not the first rejuvenation, convulsively kicked his legs, trying to restore the disturbed auditory balance by passing air through his ears, Street traffic stopped. A Public Security Servant approached Jerry and, putting his hand on his shoulder, motioned for him to follow him.

Jerry obeyed in silence.

### Chapter Two

Jerry sat in the pre-trial chamber and tried not to think about anything, knowing that all his thoughts were absorbed by the walls with the brightness of a kaleidoscope. He was not very good at this, especially since the Liragam rays began to penetrate him from everywhere, completely harmless, but having the property of stimulating the activity of the brain functions of the human body. Apparently, the Council of the World Mind, whose verdict he was about to hear, decided to familiarize himself in detail with the inner contents of the accused.

Thinking about it, Jerry came to a conclusion that was very passive and very difficult to convey: something between the expression of the ancient Russians "to hell with them" and "God be with them." Perhaps something approaching more closely to the first concept of "to hell with them", because, after all, after all the horrors he had experienced, Jerry felt like a rather notorious scoundrel and therefore was inclined to maintain a spirit of indignation. Under the influence of the same damned Liragam rays, he had to mentally return to his early childhood, revealing, among other things, an incident that he seemed to have completely forgotten. Raised like all the children of the City of Reason, he only knew about his parents that they were a man and a woman. Subsequently, he learned some more details related to the identity of his father and mother, but since this happened under rather unpleasant circumstances, Jerry tried to stop thinking about it as soon as possible. Nevertheless, he had to recall all the details. Once, already as a conscious teenager, he showed unheard-of disobedience towards one of his teachers: the fact was so extraordinary that it reached the Council of the World Mind. A detailed scientific examination was carried out, both of Jerry himself and his parents, as a result of which It turned out that although Jerry's father and his mother were individually quite balanced people, but the potential of the spiritual power of a man many times exceeded the potential of a woman, which resulted in an imbalance in the character of the child. The marriage was immediately dissolved. Both were given their virginity back, but a mistake occurred and the result of this mistake was Jerry. Science has been working for a long time to balance Jerry's spiritual world. New elements were artificially introduced. they balanced, slowly changing the essence of Jerry's "I". Now, remembering all this, Jerry had to record very unpleasant details related to these modifications: everything was done on him, up to standing for hours under the apparatus, which systematically introduced into his consciousness elementary concepts "about the need for reasonable obedience." Then his thoughts returned to Dhoni. and, no longer owning either them or himself, he began to run around the preliminary test chamber, thereby giving exhaustive material for observation.

### Chapter Three

The interrogation ended completely unexpectedly. The walls, of which Jerry had such a bad opinion, suddenly parted and, gliding silently, gradually disappeared into the distance. Jerry was in the sentencing hall. As soon as he looked up, he immediately felt completely helpless. The hall was a huge circular area, several kilometers in circumference, with opaque smooth walls inclined to the middle and forming a colossal vault overhead. Now Jerry had to experience the full weight of emptiness. Not a single object caught the eye. The only line he could catch was the line of intersection between the wall and the floor, giving the impression of a properly closed circle. When Jerry, with his head thrown back, looked straight up, he could barely catch a merging point at a great height above him, where all these gray walls closed in their terrible monotony. The judges were somewhere high above him. They probably saw him so small and pathetic in the midst of the emptiness surrounding him. He was waiting for the verdict. I craved it! But everything remained infinitely silent. To give himself courage, Jerry stretched out his hand, spreading his fingers and trying to find comfort for his gaze in the variety of their outlines. But the background for them was still terribly monotonous. The criminal, no matter how great his crime, felt his insignificance in front of this overwhelming gray void. It was Eternity itself, really embodied.

Jerry ventured to speak:

"I'm here!" He timidly declared into space, and his timid statement, repeated in a hundred-voiced echo, reached the ears of the judges, in the form of a whispered request.

Then the heavens opened. A voice from above was saying:

"The Council of the World Mind, having examined your thoughts, has made sure that your body has lost the balance necessary to communicate with humanity."

At the first words of that terrible voice, repeated by the walls in countless intonations, Jerry knelt down powerlessly, trying to cover his ears with his hands. The gesture is eternally eloquent. But here he did not achieve his goal. The sounds grew, expanded, and, touching the auditory organs, penetrated into consciousness.

The voice from above continued:

"An additional analysis of the state of your body indicates increased nervousness, exceeding all the limits set in our time. The reason for this is your excessive puberty. If you do not voluntarily agree to marry, the Council of the World Mind will be forced to isolate you from the rest of humanity, bearing in mind your psychological imbalance. In The Name Of The Public Good! Answer me!"
